README.md, before:

# JavaScript Workshop
This ~2hr workshop is designed for students with no programming experience in 7-12 grade. It introduces HTML, CSS, and JavaScript using [CodePen](https://codepen.io). There is a code-along activity, a presentation, and an unplugged activity. This is followed by a Kahoot quiz and a set of challenges for the students to complete individually.

## HTML & CSS Code-Along
The [HTML & CSS Code-Along](HtmlCssCodeAlong.md) walks through some basic HTML and CSS concepts. The instructor should type the code on their computer, and have the students type along on their own computers. The instructor should ask students for suggestions about what to type.

## JavaScript Concepts Presentation
After the HTML & CSS Code-Along, introduce JavaScript. The [PowerPoint presentation](JavaScriptConcepts.pptx) includes the following concepts:

- Variables
- `if` statements
- Functions

There are notes on the slides that help guide the presentation.

### Self-portrait Activity
The JavaScript Concepts presentation includes instructions for an unplugged activity. It starts by introducing **algorithms** and **pseudocode**. It also introduces some JavaScript syntax, with a mini-quiz to gauge student understanding. The students should learn how to write code to call JavaScript functions. 

The **self-portrait activity** tasks the students with creating an algorithm to draw a self-portait using pseudocode with proper JavaScript syntax. They should call made-up functions to represent themselves in code.

## JavaScript Code-Along
After the JavaScript Concepts presentation and self-portrait activity, return to the CodePen. Add JavaScript to the webpage following the [JavaScript Code-Along](JavaScriptCodeAlong.md) guide.

## Kahoot Quiz
After completing the code-along, the Kahoot will test the students' retention.

- View: https://create.kahoot.it/details/javascript-workshop/0adcc19e-d582-4dd0-ad8b-cee9f2e84a23
- Play: https://play.kahoot.it/v2/intro?quizId=0adcc19e-d582-4dd0-ad8b-cee9f2e84a23

## Webpage Challenges
The [Webpage Challenges](WebpageChallenges.md) are meant to be completed by students individually. Instructors should assist the students as they work through the challenges. If a student wants to do something different, but still in the realm of JavaScript, they should be encouraged to do so.

## Suggested Schedule
| Activity | Time |
|-|-|
| HTML & CSS Code-Along | 20m |
| JavaScript Concepts Presentation | 20m |
| JavaScript Code-Along | 20m |
| Kahoot Quiz | 5m |
| Break | 10m |
| Challenges | 1h |

Commit message:

Update content for virtual workshop

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Workshop
This ~2hr workshop is designed for students with no programming experience in 7-12 grade. It introduces HTML, CSS, and JavaScript using [CodePen](https://codepen.io). There is a code-along activity, a presentation, and an unplugged activity. This is followed by a Kahoot quiz and a set of challenges for the students to complete individually.

#### Virtual Note
When facilitating the workshop virtually, replace the HTML & CSS Code-Along with the HTML & CSS Icebreaker. Additionally, utilize the virtual version of the JavaScript Concepts Presentation and Kahoot. Students should use [repl.it](https://repl.it) instead of CodePen for a virtual workshop.

## HTML & CSS Code-Along
The [HTML & CSS Code-Along](HtmlCssCodeAlong.md) walks through some basic HTML and CSS concepts. The instructor should type the code on their computer, and have the students type along on their own computers. The instructor should ask students for suggestions about what to type.

### HTML & CSS Icebreaker
Introduce the [HTML & CSS Icebreaker](HtmlCssIcebreaker.md) instructions for a virtual icebreaker that uses HTML and CSS. Show the students how Repl works, and then allow them to complete the activity. They should fork a starter webpage, update it, and then share the link with the group. Once all the students have shared links to their pages, an instructor can go through all of them briefly.

## JavaScript Concepts Presentation
After the HTML & CSS Code-Along, introduce JavaScript. The [PowerPoint presentation](JavaScriptConcepts.pptx) includes the following concepts:

- Variables
- `if` statements
- Functions

There are notes on the slides that help guide the presentation.

### Virtual Presentation
Present the he abbreviated [virtual presentation](JavaScriptConceptsVirtual.pptx) when facilitating the workshop virtually. It does not contain the self-portrait activity.

### Self-portrait Activity
The JavaScript Concepts presentation includes instructions for an unplugged activity. It starts by introducing **algorithms** and **pseudocode**. It also introduces some JavaScript syntax, with a mini-quiz to gauge student understanding. The students should learn how to write code to call JavaScript functions. 

The **self-portrait activity** tasks the students with creating an algorithm to draw a self-portait using pseudocode with proper JavaScript syntax. They should call made-up functions to represent themselves in code.

## JavaScript Code-Along
After the JavaScript Concepts presentation and self-portrait activity, return to the CodePen. Add JavaScript to the webpage following the [JavaScript Code-Along](JavaScriptCodeAlong.md) guide.

## Kahoot Quiz
After completing the code-along, the Kahoot will test the students' retention.

- View: https://create.kahoot.it/details/javascript-workshop/0adcc19e-d582-4dd0-ad8b-cee9f2e84a23
- Play: https://play.kahoot.it/v2/intro?quizId=0adcc19e-d582-4dd0-ad8b-cee9f2e84a23

### Virtual Kahoot
- View: https://create.kahoot.it/share/duplicate-of-javascript-workshop/33ded4b1-9ced-46bc-b061-5b9c4e0c8f12
- Play: https://play.kahoot.it/v2/?quizId=33ded4b1-9ced-46bc-b061-5b9c4e0c8f12

## Webpage Challenges
The [Webpage Challenges](WebpageChallenges.md) are meant to be completed by students individually. Instructors should assist the students as they work through the challenges. If a student wants to do something different, but still in the realm of JavaScript, they should be encouraged to do so.

## Suggested Schedule (Virtual)

| Activity | Time |
|-|-|
| HTML & CSS Icebreaker | 25m |
| JavaScript Concepts Presentation | 10m |
| JavaScript Code-Along | 30m |
| Kahoot Quiz | 5m |
| Challenges | 20m |

## Suggested Schedule

| Activity | Time |
|-|-|
| HTML & CSS Code-Along | 20m |
| JavaScript Concepts Presentation | 20m |
| JavaScript Code-Along | 20m |
| Kahoot Quiz | 5m |
| Break | 10m |
| Challenges | 1h |
